all right day one floor system
waterproofing on the bottom is plastics
get it from Lowe's 20 bucks a sheet I've
got to tie in two pieces together when I
get it glued together trailers 8 by 20
all right I thought I'd do one video
before I rip it up see all my ties a lot
of folks put studs well into the frame
I'd rather have a bunch of tie offs a
lot of different places
I've got 27
living in Florida we have a wide
selection of hurricane clips so there's
always something in there to work for
what you need
those are five-eighths bolts through
bolt to the frame then the crossmembers
between the main si channels like I said
in that previous video I use that
plastic used for bathrooms and I built
my bottom in sections and nailed it on
to the bottom of it then flipped it over
put it on the trailer till I get lined
up and then they were nailed and screwed
together
I built the front end in the back
section and then went ahead and drop the
center section in between the fender
wells to get to fit right we had a bunch
of bad weather this week my plywood got
a little bit wet but it didn't warp or
start coming apart I wouldn't be afraid
to put too many anchors in the bottom of
this thing and spread them out have a
lot of time off points then I put
pressure-treated on the outer cap here
probably didn't need it but it's a good
idea if you have water running off the
siding you don't forget to use
galvanized nails anything that goes
through pressure-treated needs to be
galvanized I use subfloor adhesive the
glue down the plywood and number twelve
ring shank nails they work about as well
as screws and they're a lot easier to
put in once they've been in there a
while they're about impossible to pull
out
you know overhang it one plate on the
bottom
I wanted the beams to have a floor
choices I mean they have a good solid
tie off point on the trailer there's a
main seat channel that runs on the front
in the back so I doubled it up so it
could sit on it and then I had a great
place to tie off to the main seat
channel C up underneath there hope the
light you'll see that C channel right
there
alright that's it for this video I don't
want to take a video for a nail in the
last section it's our nineteen
insulation all right as you see I've got
the floor system done everything went
down real well final count on hurricane
clips is 31 I don't think it's going to
go anywhere
we started building our walls we're
going to do our front and rear one so we
can build our section walls on the side
and have something to tie it off - I
should have walls built fairly soon I'll
make a video whenever I get part of my
walls that we're still designing
interior walls and where the windows are
going to be and I'm not going to do any
major framing until I get my windows and
door set laid out everything going so
far so good until next time